well howdy there I don't know people
it's Bo again so today we're going to
talk about Martin County High School in
Kentucky recap some students for some
pro LGBTQ shirts to support a fellow
student at the school the administration
made them change and told them they
worried about them getting bullied when
I first heard about it I'm like well
they're probably already getting bullied
that's why they're wearing the shirts to
kind of own it
I say fine nobody else is going to help
us we're gonna stick together and do it
ourselves
turns out yep that's it administration
does not even know what's going on in
their own school or maybe they do those
students because of some other things
I'm about to discuss they had already
made the decision to wear the shirts
again today so as I film this they're
getting dressed putting them shirts back
on to go back to that school because
they are getting bullied quote every
single day and the administration does
nothing on Tuesday there was a hit list
floating around the school and students
stayed home students stayed home from
school to come back to find the
administrator and the police officer
joking about it it's what they're
telling me
that's pretty appalling isn't it that
that is pretty appalling in this day and
age to be joking about an incident like
that that's that's awful that is awful
shows you don't really take it seriously
now if you are unable or unwilling to
provide for the safety and security of
these students I am certain that I've
got some friends at Fort Campbell or
wright-patt who would come be happy to
come down and do your job for you I do
not understand how you have a school
the superintendent said that the
miscommunication had been resolved
students have no idea what that means
because superintendent has never talked
to them according to them the faculty is
telling them that they're just seeking
attention maybe there's an element of
truth to that they're getting bullied
every single day they're calling out for
help and you're letting them down you're
doing nothing about it and said you say
well don't draw attention to yourself
and the bully won't pick on you
seriously the parents are supportive
though they do have that going for them
but the amount of cynicism that I
witnessed is just appalling at 15 16 17
years old you're supposed to be
idealistic you can change the world you
can do anything that is the attitude of
school is supposed to foster instead
we just want people to know that this is
an attention-seeking and we are asking
you to support us or wear pride flags
because we know where we come from and
they most likely won't change
we just want tolerance because we
tolerate everyone around us and we
deserve that too and we want miss
Williams to realize that she is wrong
and she is hurting her students by
trying to hide us away simply because
she does not agree with us we want the
school to be accepting and welcoming not
a place of bias most likely won't change
that jaded that young students are wrong
about that it is going to change and
they're gonna change it now to the
administration this this incident has
caught the attention of the LGBTQ
community it has also caught the
attention of a bunch of rednecks who
really support the bill of rights I
would strongly suggest that the county
attorney take a look at tinker versus
Des Moines and really really kind of
weigh it because with the reports of the
constant bullying that was overlooked by
the administration with the reports that
under normal circumstances when somebody
violates the dress code they're just
told not to do it again they're not
drugged I'm forced to change with the
response to a hit list targeting them
this certainly seems like a civil rights
case to me certainly seems like a
pattern but what do I know I'm just a
redneck with a lot of time on my hands
the students of this school you guys
keep doing what you think is right you
know my initial my initial reason for
wanting to contact you with was to see
if you needed any guidance if you needed
anything I didn't know about your family
being as supportive since they were I
didn't know about any of this
I don't need help now I don't need help
you'll need backup that's it and you've
got it you've got it
- everybody else is watching us these
students are asking for your help -
anyway it's just a fault
you'll have a good day